Collection of practice JavaScript coding with some tutor led code examples, challenges and lesson notes.

///

15 Feb 24: Had another (very) brief session trying to scrape some memory of my HTML and CSS lessons. Im using MDN and re-discovering how good it is as a reference and guide tool. Managed to get some basic elements added onto the index.html and get them linked to the CSS stylesheet. Also got my code editor configured to link direct to GitHub via CodeSpaces which seems to be a good way to go about things. Will likely still using the terminal (in VSCode) where I can as I was starting to enjoy and get used to the basic commands to process changes. The code learning journey continues slowly.

///

16 Feb 24: Managed to reaquaint myself with grids, their baorders and padding. Got the HTML sorted as well, remembering to stick everything in a div! Decided to use this practice site as a personal blog site to document the journey of building this practice environment. Realised that i need to provide class names for most, if not all, of the divs that are created. MDN really is a great tool, however, looking at this post as i type, it hasnt helped my spelling much... :D That and i dont like how my ul is looking - time to explore how to insert images into the html to show what it looks like.

///

<b>19 Feb 24:</b> Well, after sifting through a few MDN pages and using the trusty and faithful Google-fu, it finally clicked how to add an image to VCS, link it to the page and site it where and (generally) how I wanted it. The sizing gave me bit of a run around, but remembered I could define one unit of measure for one side of the image (in this case it was the width) and the rest would re-size automatically. Even had to add a little Lorem into the mix just so I had some txt content to work off for the styling (or lack there of). I will admit that, when I get added the screen shot of my previous progress, I had thought the code editor had glitched or I had added a bug somewhere along the line - I was seeing duplicate code and my first reaction was to "bugger - wheres my picture". The penny didnt drop until I inspected the element and saw that it was indeed the picture I had (apparently successfully) uploaded to the editor and displayed on the environment... its been a long day and now I think its time to sleep. I dont think ill add screen shots of every update - that could get tedious and the formatting would be very samey. I think I a ways off adding APIs to the code (not that I have anything in mind to add). Maybe I'll run through a few more hours of JS education content and see where that takes me. Until next time :D
